CFP: Feminism and Rhetorics '09

Feminisms and Rhetorics: Enabling Complexities: Communities/Writing/Rhetorics
Michigan State University / East Lansing, Michigan / October 7–9, 2009

The 2009 Feminism(s) and Rhetoric(s) conference will be sponsored by the
Coalition of Women Scholars in the History of Rhetoric & Composition and hosted
by the Rhetoric & Writing program at Michigan State University. We invite
proposals that:

* reflect the complexity and diversity of who “we” are as a scholarly community;

* make manifest the deep structure of the connections, intersections, and
overlaps that actually make us a community;

* help articulate who “we” are as a deliberate community of scholars, and what
that means about our responsibilities and relationships to one another across
scholarly areas and institutional positions;

* highlight scholarly and teacherly activities that deliberately create space
for more complex notions of scholarship and teaching within the discipline of
Rhet/Comp;

* include and significantly engage communities outside of the academy;

* focus on antiracist pedagogies and scholarship; present interdisciplinary
scholarship in Afrafeminist Rhetorics; American Indian Rhetorics, Chicana
Rhetorics, Asian American Rhetorics, post/neo-colonial rhetorics;

* highlight the intellectual traditions of women’s communities, especially
communities constellated around specific identity markers such as race,
ethnicity, class, sexual orientation issues, geographic origins;

* explore the relationships between written, oral, and material discursive
production; and other topics that address the connections in the conference
theme.

We also welcome proposals on relevant topics not directly addressed above, that
significantly engage disciplines other than Rhet/Comp, and that have
consequences for communities located outside of the academy.

Although traditional presentations are acceptable, we encourage participants to
create formats that go beyond the read-aloud academic paper. Interactive
sessions that include discussions, dialogues, and performances are especially
welcome. Proposals should be uploaded to the FemRhet 2009 web site
(www.femrhet.cwshrc.org), and can be for:

  20-minute individual presentations (250-word proposals)
  90-minute 3–4 member panels (500-word proposals)
  90-minute workshops or roundtables (500-word proposals)
  
Please plan to submit a title, a proposal the length indicated above, and a
program-ready, booklet-friendly 50-word blurb for the presentation. Proposal
System: December 15, 2008 Open Proposal Deadline: February 1, 2009 Acceptances
Distributed: April 30, 2009
